Hey, are we all right?
Why are you still thinking about what they said?
Mr. Gu, you just now
Why don't you let me explain it to them?
What time do you waste with strangers?
Don't worry, I'm not interested in wives
I have no idea about you
Ah, yeah, yeah.
Mr. Gu is concerned about his employees, right?
Hello, check in.
Thank you brother
Mr. Guo, do you like children?
I think children have long cycles.
The worst investment with high or low returns
In your eyes
Children are just an investment
It's not even worth investing in.
Investing at least means you can have expectations
Children are out of control
Can't meet expectations
Gu Yunting really can't accept children
Wait until I save a few more months' salary.
Resign as soon as possible
You like kids.
Well, yeah, I was an orphan.
I still want to have my own family
But are you a fiancé?
Of course. We're getting married tonight.
Naturally there is an intention to have children
I want to hold a video conference
You are free at night
Ah, strange, why are you suddenly angry again?
We have bought all the gifts for Xiaoxiao and Eat.
Go back to sleep.
Where are you going at night?
Sister play with brother?
No.
Don't go.
Wearing such a short skirt at night?
Isn't it just to be called Kaizi?
What can you do all night?